Peekalink (#1210)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.peekalink.md

# Peekalink

> The Peekalink node allows you to automate work in Peekalink, and integrate Peekalink with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Peekalink features, including checking, and reviewing links. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Peekalink node allows you to automate work in Peekalink, and integrate Peekalink with other applications. n8n supports checking, and reviewing links with Peekalink.
```
